No. 1
Have faith and don't be afraid to dream.
You can aim, but you might miss. You might struggle, lose something valuable, or even fail to capture the dream completely.

But there's one thing worse than any of that: not having a dream at all. To dream means to aim for something you know might not come true, and that alone is enough to scare many of us into a pacified life of quiet obedience.

Feeling like you're meant to do more in life is your signal to do that. Faith is not the absence of doubt — in fact, faith requires doubt because it's the act of going forward even when you don't see the next step with absolute clarity.

Taking the first step is the hardest part. An ounce of faith is often enough to trigger a series of miraculous accomplishments.

Have faith in your prosperity and go build your calling. Life doesn't happen to you, but for you.
---
No. 2
You're the captain of your ship. Don't just sail, steer.
Ten years from now, you need to be able to say that this is the life you chose, not the one you settled for.

A future that is created with intention, desire, and deliberation is more fulfilling than one that is scrapped together by avoidance-driven choices.

Be driven by purpose, conviction, and passion, not fear.
---
No. 3
Build the future you want with longevity in mind.
Short-termism is the defect of modern convenience. We rush. We want things fast at the expense of beauty and significance. We hardly think about our grandchildren's grandchildren's grandchildren's grandchildren when we create something new.

There is a deep virtue in pursuing things that are meaningful and not just instantly satisfying. Doing what's meaningful is not a luxury, it's essential. Doing things with long-term vision should be the default.
---
No. 4
Keep your heart set on the truth.
Don't compromise your core values to fit in with others. The road to hell is paved with the acceptance of things that inescapably go against your conscience.

Violating what you believe in is a form of self-mockery. Have some faith. Hold on to the truth and keep your vision clear. The one person you can't lie to is yourself.
---
No. 5
Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody.
The best conversations are the ones where you remember few specific details that anyone said, but have an unforgettably strong, positive, and durable impression of the person overall.

People forget what you say or do but they'll never forget how you made them feel.

Your spark will forever be remembered and cherished; a candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
---
No. 6
Have strong preferences.
Never compromise the truth for the sake of popularity, appealing to the norm, or getting along with people who can only get along when they agree.

The more you uphold your values, the more alone you'll feel. Being intentional about the energy you surround yourself with means eliminating what you used to settle for out of a fear of scarcity.

Curate your circle carefully; this is the highest form of self-respect.

"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." — Romans 12:2
---
No. 7
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
Life is remembered by the peaks and troughs, but it's experienced through the in-between moments. The mundane, the routines, the chitchats, the habits.

Every little action matters; don't underestimate your impact. Choices will accumulate and their consequences will compound.

That's why you should always act as if your actions make a difference, because they do.

No matter how little.
---
No. 8
Don't just exist — live.
Human flourishing roots in the pursuit of meaning, not the maximization of hedonistic experiences. General wellness is not the total amelioration of suffering but the repurposing and transformation of it.

A ship that never sails will never risk being engulfed by the storm, but that's not what ships were built for. Living — not just existing — requires a certain toughness.
---
No. 9
Reward yourself.
Only give the best of yourself when what you're doing is going to give you a better self.

If you don't look back on where you've been, you won't know where you are going. Remember what great misconceptions you once had? What problems you thought were impossible to solve but eventually overcame? Remember how many versions of yourself you've had to leave behind in pursuit of something better? How many mental paradigms have shifted since your Day One?

Remember where you came from and notice how far you've made it — no part of that journey is too small to be celebrated. Be proud of how far you've come and reward yourself.
---
No. 10
Take some risks.
When Prometheus stole fire from the gods, he was condemned to eternal torment: his liver would be feasted on by a falcon during the day, then it would grow back at night, only to be eaten again the following morning.

To improve the lives of man, Prometheus took that risk. After all, what makes man different from the animals if not the desire to innovate, bring new ways to his generation, and, in Adam Smith's words, "better his own condition"? What makes our world go round if not the desire to be better off than who we were yesterday?

The path to creating something is difficult and full of risks. But the risk of venture has clearly not deterred everyone from creating new and better ways of living — certainly not Prometheus. Certainly not the engineers who designed the light fixture above your head or the stove that cooks your dinner. Certainly not the thinkers who invented the languages and mathematics that you use. Certainly not the pioneers who developed the machines that make your keys, shoelaces, cars, and eyeglasses.
---
